Hello there, 
I'm working on an Android map app and need some help.
This project is open to the public, those that believe in the project and wish to invest their time helping the community.
So basically it's a map application that allows users to anonymously place markers where criminal attacks occurred. 
You hold down on the map and place a marker(select the title from a list e.g. hijacking) then the user can write a short description on what happened. This should allow other to identify what areas are safe and not. 
In addition to this I would like to add "schemes" in the area. E.g. Watch out for a blue Ford fiesta that is driving around the area mugging teens, or something along these lines. 
Maybe, if possible, we could also show directions and show the safest route, so you would avoid areas that show high carjacking if you're a female travelling at night. 

Okay so far I've got the map(yay) and you can place markers into a database. (Feel free to rewrite this entirely, because I'm not sure it's the most efficient way to write the code) 

What we still need :

	* A search bar to find places
	* A way to delete your markers
	* A way to add schemes in the area ( I was thinking of making use of a sidebar) 
	* A way to see schemes in the area you are 
	Then maybe add directions avoiding the markers, but this isn't too necessary

Important :

	* I have no money to offer you(I'm a student haha) It's a free will project
	* Any comments would be appreciated
	* We don't want anything to do with house break-ins, because an area that is targeted often criminals could notice 	as "easy" and attack more frequently

Why I'm using eclipse and not android studio :

Android studio is a beast and I love a lot of aspects about the program, but I couldn't work out how to do some things where I had to do some research and found information about it in Eclipse. 


Why I'm making this app:

Just a little bit of boring information, I stay in South Africa and have personally found myself in unsafe areas simply because I did not know they were unsafe and been mugged, threatened and I don't want anyone else to go through the same.
I can't figure out how to do the rest of the stuff so help would be appreciated and hopefully we can help people (especially tourists) when they visit particular areas. How to stay safe and where to avoid.

Thanks for all the support, 
I just think it will be a nice app

Ps. I'm new to Git and Github so I'm still learning all the details.

Marie Harmsen, contact me : mk.harmsen@gmail.com
